## Importance of Fine tuning on User own Data : 

Fix the model by creating a data pipeline to add context into the prompt. Understand the paradigms of retrieval augmentation and fine-tuning for language models. Learn about building a QA system using data ingestion and querying components. Explore lower-level components to understand data ingestion and querying processes. Address challenges with naive RAG (retrieval-augmented generation) applications, such as poor response quality. Improve retrieval performance by optimizing data storage and the pipeline. Enhance the embedding representation for better performance. Implement advanced retrieval methods like reranking and recursive retrieval. Incorporate metadata filtering to add structured context to text chunks. Experiment with small to big retrieval methods for more precise results. Consider embedding references to parent chunks for improved retrieval. Explore the use of agents for reasoning and advanced analysis. Fine-tune the RAG system to optimize specific components for better performance. Generate a synthetic query dataset from raw text chunks using language models (LLMs) to fine-tune and embed a model. Fine-tune the base model itself or fine-tune an adapter on top of the model to improve performance. Consider fine-tuning an adapter on top of the model as it has advantages, such as not requiring the base model's weights to fine-tune and avoiding the need to reindex the entire document corpus when fine-tuning the query. Explore generating a synthetic dataset using a bigger model like GBD4 and distilling it into a weaker language model like 3.5 Turbo to enhance the train of thought, response quality, and structured outputs.
